1     What are the benefits and disadvantages of using CSS?
Ans:  Better Website Speed. For a website to function efficiently, it should have a faster load time. ...
      Easier to Maintain. ...
      Consistent Design. ...
      Time-Saving. ...
      Better Device Compatibility. ...
      Positioning of Design Elements. ...
      Confusion due to many CSS levels. ...
      Cross-Browser Issues.

2     What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
Ans:  Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules,
      which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle. With CSS3, the designers can now use special fonts, like those available 
      in Google Fonts and Typecast.

3     Name a few CSS style components?
Ans:  Selecter: HTML element name, id name, class name.
      Property: It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,border etc.
      Values: Which defines property or values allocate for properties.

4     What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Ans:  The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden,
      and is the opposite of transparency.

5     How can the background color of an element be changed? 
Ans:  Approach: The background-color property of CSS is used to set the background of an element. We can set background color by
      selecting the element by its class name of id name and then apply the background-color property on it to set the background
      color.

6      How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
Ans:   This task can be achieved by using the background-repeat property that will help us to control the repetition of the image.
       The background-repeat property in CSS is used to repeat the background image both horizontally and vertically. It also decides
       whether the background image will be repeated or not.

7      What is the use of the background-position property? 
Ans:   Definition and Usage
       The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. Tip: By default, a background-image
       is placed at the top-left corner of an element, and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

8      Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
Ans:   To set the scrolling of an image in the background, use the background-attachment property.

9      Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
Ans:   There are two reasons behind this: It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property
       in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.

10     How to center block elements using CSS1?
Ans:   To centrally align the block elements, we can simply make use of the <center> tag. All the elements within the <center>
       tag will be centrally aligned.

11     How to maintain the CSS specifications?
Ans:   The CSS specifications are maintained by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). Internet media type (MIME type) text/css
       is registered for use with CSS by RFC 2318 (March 1998).

12     What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page? 
Ans:   CSS may be added to HTML in three different ways. To style a single HTML element on the page, use Inline CSS in a style
       attribute. By adding CSS to the head section of our HTML document, we can embed an internal stylesheet. We can also connect
       to an external stylesheet that separates our CSS from our HTML.

13     What is embedded style sheets?
Ans:   Embedded Stylesheet: It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place. This is
       done by embedding the <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document.

14     What are the external style sheets?
Ans:   An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.
       Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet. The link to an external style sheet is placed within the head 
       section of the page.

15    What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
Ans:  one change to the style sheet will change all linked pages.
      You can create classes of styles that can then be used on many different HTML elements.
      Consistent look and feel across multiple web pages.

16    What is the meaning of the CSS selector?
Ans:  In CSS, selectors are used to target the HTML elements on our web pages that we want to style. There are a wide variety of CSS
      selectors available, allowing for fine-grained precision when selecting elements to style.

17    What are the media types allowed by CSS?
Ans:  1	  all Suitable for all devices.
      2	  aural Intended for speech synthesizers.
      3	  braille Intended for braille tactile feedback devices.
      4	  embossed Intended for paged braille printers.

18    What is the rule set?
Ans:  A table of instructions used by a controlled interface to determine what data is allowable and how the data is handled between
      interconnected systems.
