1.    What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
Ans:  1 Access to a Vast Open Source Community of Resources. There is a vast community of open-source developers who contribute 
      regularly to Bootstrap. ...
      2 Consistent Designs. ...
      3 Access to Support. ...
      4 Fast Development. ...
      5 Responsive Business Actions with a Grid System. ...
      6 Customizable Expansion. ...
      7 Loaded JavaScript Components. ...
      8 Easy to Integrate.

2.    What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work? 
Ans:  Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system. Containers are 
      used to contain, pad,and (sometimes) center the content within them. While containers can be nested, most layouts do not require
      a nested container.

3.   What are the default Bootstrap text settings?  
Ans:  Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5. The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica,
      Arial, sans-serif.In addition, all <p> elements have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).

4.    What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System? 
Ans:  Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive.
              Below is an example and an in-depth look at how the grid comes together. New to or unfamiliar with flexbox?

5.    What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5?  
Ans:  The form elements in Bootstrap 4 have defaulted to the browser-provided view. However, in Bootstrap 5, the form elements have a custom design that
       enables them to have a consistent look and feel in all browsers. The new form controls are based on completely semantic, standard form controls.

6.    What is a Button Group, and what is the class for a basic Button Group?   
Ans:  “Button Groups” in Bootstrap is a class of name “btn-group” which is used to create a series of buttons in groups (without spaces) vertically or
       horizontally. Syntax: This is the basic syntax of the button group class where each button has its own class of “btn”.

7.    How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails? 
Ans:  Step 1: You need to update the anchor tag to a new div tag, which has . thumbnail as a class.
              Step 2: In this div tag, we can add any media or text. This div tag is used for a span-based naming convention for sizing.

8.    In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox? 
Ans:  Flexbox. The biggest difference between Bootstrap 3 and Bootstrap 4 is that Bootstrap 4 now uses flexbox, instead of floats, to handle the layout. 
              The Flexible Box Layout Module, makes it easier to design flexible responsive layout structure without using float or positioning.

9.    How can one create an alert in Bootstrap? 
Ans:  1 Be sure you've loaded the alert plugin, or the compiled Bootstrap JavaScript.
      2 If you're building our JavaScript from source, it requires util.js . ...
      3 Add a dismiss button and the .alert-dismissible class, which adds extra padding to the right of the alert and positions the .close button.

10.   What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one? 
Ans:  To create Bootstrap cards, you need to understand the card class and its customizations and layouts. A basic Bootstrap card consists of a .
              card class with the . card-body class, allowing you to add text, images, links, and other Bootstrap elements within a rounded border.

