1    Are the HTML tags and elements the same thing?
Ans: HTML tags are used to hold the HTML element. 
     HTML element holds the content. 
     HTML attributes are used to describe the characteristic of an HTML element in detail. Whatever written within a HTML tag are HTML elements.

2    What are tags and attributes in HTML?
Ans: HTML tag starts with < and ends with > Whatever written within a HTML tag are HTML elements.

3    What are void elements in HTML?
Ans: Void elements can have attributes. 
     The following is a complete list of the void elements in HTML : area , base , br , col , command , embed , hr , img , input , keygen , link , meta , param , source , track , wbr.

4    What are HTML Entities? 
Ans: Some characters are reserved in HTML and they have special meaning when used in HTML document.
     For example, you cannot use the greater than and less than signs or angle brackets within your HTML text because the browser will treat them differently and will try to draw a meaning related to HTML tag.

5    What are different types of lists in HTML?
Ans: There are three types of list in HTML 
     1 Unorder list
     2 Order list
     3 Description list
 
6    What is the ‘class’ attribute in HTML? 
Ans: Class attributes are the variables defined directly in the class that are shared by all objects of the class.
     Instance attributes are attributes or properties attached to an instance of a class. Instance attributes are defined in the constructor.

7    What is the difference between the ‘id’ attribute and the ‘class’ attribute of HTML elements? 
Ans: Remember the difference between Class and ID:
     A Class name can be used by multiple HTML elements,
     while an ID name must only be used by one HTML element within the page.

8    What are the various formatting tags in HTML? 
Ans: <b> - Bold text
     <strong> - Important text
     <i> - Italic text
     <em> - Emphasized text
     <mark> - Marked text
     <small> - Smaller text
     <del> - Deleted text
     <ins> - Inserted text
     <sub> - Subscript text
     <sup> - Superscript text
 
9    How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing?
Ans: Cellpadding basically defines the space present between a table cell's border and the content present in it.
     Cellspacing basically defines the space present between individual adjacent cells.

10  How can we club two or more rows or columns into a single row or column in an HTML table?
Ans: We use the colspan and rowspan attribute, to merge cells in HTML.
     The rowspan attribute is for the number of rows a cell should merge,
     whereas the colspan attribute is for the number of columns a cell should merge.
     The attribute should be placed inside the <td> tag.

11   What is the difference between a block-level element and an inline element? 
Ans: Block elements always start from a new line.
     Inline elements never start from a new line.
     Block elements cover space from left to right as far as it can go.
     Inline elements only cover the space as bounded by the tags in the HTML element. 

12   How to create a Hyperlink in HTML?
Ans: To make a hyperlink in an HTML page, use the <a> and </a> tags, which are the tags used to define the links.
 The <a> tag indicates where the hyperlink starts and the </a> tag indicates where it ends.

13   What is the use of an iframe tag? 
Ans: The iframe in HTML stands for Inline Frame.
     An inline frame is used to embed another document within the current HTML document.

14   What is the use of a span tag? Explain with example?
Ans: The span tag is a paired tag means it has both open(<) and closing (>) tags, and it is mandatory to close the tag.
     The span tag is used for the grouping of inline elements & this tag does not make any visual change by itself. 
     span is very similar to the div tag, but div is a block-level tag and span is an inline tag.

15   How to insert a picture into a background image of a web page?
Ans: To set the background image of a webpage, use the CSS style. Under the CSS <style> tag, add the property background-image.
     The property sets a graphic such as jpg, png, svg, gif, etc.

16   How are active links different from normal links?
Ans: Those that don't have a mouse cursor over that link is considered a normal link.
     Some browser recognize active links when the mouse cursor is placed over that link.
     Others recognize active links when the link has the focus. 
     Those that do not have mouse cursor over the link is said to be normal link.

17   What are the different tags to separate sections of text?
Ans: <br> tag – It is used to separate the line of text. It breaks the current line and shifts the flow of the text to a new line.
     <p> tag–This tag is used to write a paragraph of text.
     <blockquote> tag–This tag is used to define large quoted sections.

18   What is SVG?
Ans: The full form of SVG is "Scalable Vector Graphics"
     The SVG file format is a popular tool for displaying two-dimensional graphics, charts, and illustrations on websites.

19   What is difference between HTML and XHTML?
Ans: HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language, 
     whereas XHTML stands for Extensible Hypertext Markup Language.
     XHTML is basically an extension of HTML, which is stricter than HTML.
     Both languages are used to create web and Android applications.

20    What are logical and physical tags in HTML?
Ans:  In HTML the formatting tags are divided into two categories: Physical tag:
      These tags are used to provide the visual appearance to the text. 
      Logical tag: These tags are used to add some logical or semantic value to the text.


